How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help see the bug that was introduced? 
	-It helped see what was changed when compared to the original file, which in turn helped
	point to where the bug was.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in 
the long term?
	-Having easy access to a files history will make me a more efficient programmer by having some 
	form of comparison to changes made to said file. So if a mistake is made that causes the file
	or program to stop working, a previous working file/program can be reinstated and from there 
	the problem with the change can possibly be fixed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to commit, like you do in GIT, vs having 
versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
	-The pros are that commits can then be done when a logical change has occurred, which can be more
	desirable for a programmer. The cons would be that accidents can happen, say the computer turns
	off due to some issue happening, which could potentially erase hours of progress that hasn't been
	saved, which an auto save could possibly prevent. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like GIT, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while
others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
	-Some version control systems were made for with different purposes in mind. For GIT, programming
	was mainly considered with its creation. For Google Docs, various document editing was considered
	with its creation.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
	-By using git log, commits to the repository can be found, while git diff shows the changes done to
	two selected files. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changed that could break something?
	-Using version control creates a way to backtrack from changes, along with a history of what 
	has been changed. This can then give confidence to make risky changes since they can be fixed
	if they go to far. "Idea of exploration". 

What do you want to try to use GIT for?
	-I want to use GIT for programming and general version control of what I create.
